---
categories: 
  - reading
tags:
  - Fall2021
---

Reading response to *Chapter 1* of the textbook, *Kelley's brainstorm* lesson, and a paper on *Designing in the Margins*.

# Cooperation

The first time I got in touch with user experience design and research, when I got to know that it encourages people from different backgrounds to involve, I kept wondering that how does it work? How could it work? According to my experience, it's even impossible for students in different majors to cooperate smoothly. The differences in culture, gender, and specialization, shape the way we think about the physical and intellectual world. Just as the author points out in *Chapter 1.3.2: Who Is Involved in Interaction Design*, the complexity of a team turns out to be a crux in groupworks. However, as one always stands in their fixed viewpoint, a successful human-centered design does demand voices from the crowd. In my opinion, the solution to this is that every participant shouldn't pre-assume themselves to be expertises. To discuss and solve with characteristic concepts but without characteristics, and treat others’ ideas in a humble mood. The same thing happens to the process of brainstorming: in Tom Kelley's lesson, he gives several DOs and DO NOTs. He said also "don't be an "expert" snob", and I'd like to add that don't prioritize every technical advice.

In fact, arrogance is the Achilles' Heel in designing, from my perspective. When I was a computer science student, I was always confused about the discrimination towards those who majored in liberal arts and fine arts in my class. My classmates mocked at the way they wrote: they used Microsoft Word rather than Markdown or LaTeX, and rich text editors were considered clumsy and a sign of low intelligence. However, rich text editors are somehow the mainstream writing tools in our daily life, and millions of engineers are making efforts to polish and evolute them. Even in the field of computer science, the underlying DOS system has been replaced by intuitive and graphical operating systems. Imagine what happens if arrogance is rooted deeply into the mind of the first generation of computer engineers? Rather than obeying professional and high threshold criteria strictly, technologists should think in a more natural way while designing and building.

# Gaming Experience


# Accessibility

One of my research interests lies in accessibility. The paper "An Intersectional Approach to Designing in the Margins" saves me from the ghost called "offense" floating in my mind. I conducted interviews on usability with the visually impaired, and the biggest problem in which is that I was not sure whether I gained the trust of the interviewees. In order to ensure that, my group visited them in their home, paid them compensations, and had small talks with them before the interview, just as the paper indicates. However, I found that they were apt to be self-blamed and distant, and could easily turn to be impatient while we were explaining the mechanism of our research. The paper points out that because of the pressure given by the dominants, the minorities oppress their feelings and expressions, which add barriers to related research engagements. I'm disappointed to find out that systematic solutions are not provided in this paper, but it enlights me that the design research methodology of underserved people is a topic worth discussing. I think building trust with them is the first step but not the best, considering the time consumption. We need to build a new research framework that takes equity and particularity into consideration.
