---
categories: 
  - reading
tags:
  - Fall2021
---

Reading response to *Chapter 1* of the textbook, *Kelley's brainstorm* lesson, and a paper on *Designing in the Margins*.

# Cooperation

The first time I learned that user experience design involves people from different backgrounds, I kept wondering: "How does it work? How could it work?" According to my experience, it's not even possible for students in different majors to cooperate smoothly. Differences in culture, gender, and specialization shape how we think about the physical and intellectual world. Just as the author points out in Chapter 1.3.2: Who Is Involved in Interaction Design, the complexity of a team proves to be the crux of groupwork. However, a successful human-centered design does demand multiple voices, since an individual always stands in their fixed viewpoint. In my opinion, the golden rule of cooperation is that no participant should assume their absolute expertise but treat each others’ ideas with respect and humility. The same thing happens to brainstorm: in Tom Kelley's lesson, he said also "don't be an "expert" snob". And I'd like to add that we shouldn't prioritize technical advice over other kinds of feedback or consideration.

Arrogance is the Achilles' heel of designing. When I was a computer science student, I was confused about the discrimination towards Arts students in my class. My classmates mocked at the way they wrote: they used Microsoft Word rather than Markdown or LaTeX, which was considered a sign of clumsiness and low intelligence. However, rich text editors are nevertheless the mainstream writing tools, and millions of engineers are making efforts to polish and evolute them. Even in computer science, intuitive and graphical operating systems have replaced the underlying DOS system. Imagine what happens if arrogance is rooted deeply into the mind of the first computer engineer? Rather than sticking to professional and high threshold criteria, technologists should think naturally while designing and building.

# Gaming Experience

I'm keen on games, also on game design and theories. When I read about the user experience goals, I found that most of the desirable aspects meet the requirements of a successful game. For example, a good game always creates flow for players and continually provides instant feedback to give a sense of control and excitement. In gamification terms, interacting with products and interfaces can be interpreted as playing different games: besides the functional needs, what everyone wants to gain is just fun. It opens my mind to how to create an attractive experience for users. We should design the interactive process to be easily learnable and highly explorable. To achieve this, designers should provide a difficulty hierarchy for users with different needs.

# Accessibility

One of my research interests lies in accessibility. The paper "An Intersectional Approach to Designing in the Margins" saves me from a ghost called "offense" floating in my mind. Once I conducted user interviews with the visually impaired, my biggest concern was whether I had gained their trust. To ensure that, my group visited their home, paid compensation, and had small talks before the interview, just as the paper suggests. However, I found that they were apt to be self-blaming and distant, and could easily turn impatient while we were explaining the mechanism of our research. The paper points out that because of the pressure from the dominants, the minorities oppress their feelings and expressions, which complicates related research engagements. To my disappointment, the paper does not provide systematic solutions, but it enlightens me that the design research methodology of underserved people is a topic worth discussing. I think building trust is the first step but not the best, considering the time consumption. We need to build a new research framework that takes equity and particularity into consideration.
